Cloud common - describe Hybrid cloud closes #191 (#472)
bob-crutchley/courseware: topics/cloud/modules/hybrid-cloud/README.md

# Hybrid cloud

<!--TOC_START-->
## Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
	- [Pros](#pros)
	- [Cons](#cons)
	- [Best for](#best-for)
- [Tasks](#tasks)

<!--TOC_END-->
## Overview

Hybrid cloud is a combination of *Public cloud* and *Private cloud* and allows data or applications to be shared between them.

One way to use hybrid cloud is that you would keep basic and non-sensitive tasks on the public cloud, while business-critical data or applications would remain private.

You can think of *Hybrid cloud* as a master of all trades, as you get all the benefits of *Public cloud*, without giving up your security which allows you to make sure you are not in the risk of data exposure.

![hybrid cloud](https://imgur.com/FuoBcDW.jpg)

### Pros

> One of the advantages is that when the computing demand fluctuates, by using hybrid cloud you would have the ability to scale seamlessly your on-site infrastructure, without giving third party provider access to your data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When computational demand fluctuates, by using a *Hybrid Cloud*, you would have the ability to seamlessly scale your on-site infrastructure, without giving a third party provider access to your data. 
```

> Pros can be summed up as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantages of a *Hybrid Cloud* are:
```

- greater flexibility
- resilience to outages
- no capacity ceiling
- manageable security

### Cons

> There are some cons like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some disadvantages of a *Hybrid Cloud* are:
```

- higher capital expenditure up-front
- under-utilization of resources risk
- higher ongoing costs
- more maintenance required
- risk of compatibility issues

> ### Best for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Business Case
```

> *Hybrid cloud* is best for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a *Hybrid Cloud* is most suitable when:
```

> - transitioning to the cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- transitioning to the Cloud
```

> - systems that need enhanced security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- managing systems that need enhanced security
```

> - systems that require data or applications on-premises

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- managing *internal* systems that require data or applications to be on-premises
```

## Tasks

Try answering the following questions:

<details>

> <summary><b><i>Hybrid cloud</i> is a combination of what?</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><b>The <i>Hybrid Cloud</i> is a combination of which Cloud service models?</b></summary>
```

> Public and Private cloud services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Public Cloud* and *Private Cloud* service models
```

</details>

<details>

> <summary><b>Is <i>Hybrid cloud</i> more secure than <i>Public cloud</i> and why?</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><b>Is a <i>Hybrid Cloud</i> more secure than a <i>Public Cloud</i>? Why do you think this is?</b></summary>
```

> Yes, it's more secure than *Public cloud*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, it's more secure than using a *Public Cloud*.
```

> Reason being the ability to have on-premises architecture and enforcing your company security policies, rather than having to work with the third party provider rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key reason is that you have the ability to use on-premises architecture, and can enforce your company security policies, rather than having to work with the security policies of the third party Cloud provider.
```
